
Europe Travels 2018

Markdown Guide
https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/

Good travel blogs
https://www.danflyingsolo.com/best-places-to-visit-europe-in-winter/

* World Cup Season made it quite worth it to be at different places at different times.
* Write about _ Thanks Shubhankar for motivating me to have a purpose behind traveling.
	* people I met
	* how I felt
	* share
		* photos + Shubs's photos + maps
		* links with information
		* maps
		* feelings
	* format 
		City followed by country overview followed by trip overview
	Traveling tips:
		Food is expensive, carry a lunchbox so that you can cook meals and carry it around
		Pack light for lots of walking
		In France: Have Google translate with you at all times
		Include definitions

1. London

	* Quite a few things to do, really hot, spent most time with Daksh. Very nice place. Super easy to commute by public transport around London and it's not very expensive. Everyone is very well dressed to work, even thought it is really hot. Big Ben under construction. Super great food at auntie's place.

2. Stockholm

	* Things are few and far apart, people are not really friendly because they are reserved, family oriented, lots of leaves things like that. Community oriented. Vasa Museum, but literally only one thing in the entire museum and that is about it lol. Learn to enjoy the nature around you. American to us - when are you going back to Amsterdam (she thought Singapore was in Amsterdam)

FRANCE IN GENERAL

	* very friendly *if* you begin with Bonjour, and you should respect that
	* people go our of their way to help you 
	* rail/plane strikes annoying as hell - only announce at 5pm the previous day what trains are cancelled - beware!
	* lots of "Notre-Dame" churches - explain Virgin Mary story
	* don't have to tap for buses and trains if you like living dangerously, free/cheap entry for youths/students almost everywhere
	* trick in France - if people don't reply to you in English, just start to talk in Chinese/Hindi/Whatever and they will suddenly attain the ability to communicate in English

3. Paris too much to do for 2 full days, lots of tourists as expected, enjoyed Champs-Elysees the most. Sitting in Macdonalds people-watching. Louvre was beautiful as always, but again hot in the summer. AirBnb super far from city centre which was a huge waste of time + energy.

4. Lyon

Slower pace, very very hot, beautiful streets and friendly people, lady at the church gave us a private tour when we asked her a simple question _ talk about the history since I got to hear it + what religion vs spirituality. Girl in Lyon -> Nice bus told me that students striked about almost every single subject she took because they said it was "too hard".

AirBnB scammer broken bed, wrote me a review of lies and tried to get us to pay 120.

5. Nice

Pebble beaches, nice old town and boardwalk. Ice-cream place with 100 flavors.

Very nice long walks around Nice.

Federico, Music Producer for universal.

6. Cannes

Beautiful beaches, nice hotels, nice cars, lots to discover just by walking around, easy to understand why stars like it. Expensive, worth going to islands. Fancy cars and lots of rich people/celebrities. random guy screaming ca va at the beach. Cannes Musee De La Castre.

Super nice long walk between airbnb and practically everywhere.

Cold Soup, helpful policeman who guided us into the police station where lady said alalalalala when we didn't know French and Italian. Hilarious!

Very nice AirBnB host, made me put a pin where Singapore was, glad more people know where it is now.

No film museum?! dafuq

7. Marseille 
 
Scenic train ride from Cannes to Marseille

Nothing much to do in Marseille, dirtiest of all the cities so far. Saw the gay pride parade but that was it.

Tried a decent Ukrainian restaurant, but streets feel a little unsafe at night, even at 10pm. Mostly immigrants from Africa. No nonsense city with working people who do their thing and then go to sleep, perhaps not really for tourists, or perhaps it is not tourist season.

Perhaps Parc national des Calanques is the only place really worth being in Marseille for. Took a boat and it was pretty good, very similar to Yosemite.

8. Barcelona

Sagrada Familia, Private Club, Casa Batllo House AR, Park Guell, La Rambla, Gothic Quarter/Walking Tour,  

9. Valencia

Before Sitges beach stop by car

The Central Market of Valencia, walk around near L'Oceanografic museum/ Museu de les Ciences Principe Felipe

10. Murcia

Before by car stopped at Parque Regional de la Pila 

Murcia Cathedral

11. Granada

Before stopped in Catagena - beach town

Super interesting car ride through old town to the airbnb - we had to do an impossible 3-point turn and 3 people started to give us conflicting directions - beautiful old house with old furniture, windows, and design.

Alhambra

12. Sevilla

Great night with hostel friends, drinking, shisha

great 3-hour walking tour, Plaza de Espana, Alcazar, beautiful city overall everywhere

13. Malaga + Tarifa

cannot remember, shopping, stopped in Tarifa to walk around. Slept in car at night and drove back to return car and fly to Milan

14. Milan 

Basically a pit stop before going to Venice

15. Venice, Burano, Murano

Venice - Most of the touristy things, bridge of sighs, Doge's Palaca, St Mark's Sq, Cathedral, Burano, Murano, 

16. Sofia 

Took the lifts up in the rain, pubcrawl, walked around city

17. Athens

Amazing city, first night great walkign tour with Martin
Second day fully packed - Ancient Agora, Zeus Temple, Olympic Stadium, Acropolis Musueum, Acropolis Complex (Parthenon, Theatre, Small temple of Athena Nike)

18. Santorini

Rented an ATV which made it really easy to go around
Mostly scenic places to see, nothing to pay for really 
Sunset with lots of people at Oia, Caldera

19. Brussels

City square with parliament building and palace + European parliament building which was amazing with high-tech guides and in-depth history and clips. Great museum with very helpful people, spend many hours here. Also home of Tin Tin so nice shop and museum.

Evening - shopping + sitting in the park near central square drinking beer when Shubs's camera got stolen and the Belgian police did absolutely nothing to help us. Had to go second time to write report and we got one in french which is useless. Otherwise helpful people who will go out of their way to guide you and help you, shop owners will draw maps to show you where to go and random people will walk you to your metro train if they see that you don't know what you are doing.


20. Copenhagen